add getChainConfig & getActivatedPrecompiles API (#993)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/apis/avalanchego/apis/subnet-evm.md

---
sidebar_position: 15
---

# Subnet-EVM API

[Subnet-EVM](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm) APIs are identical to [Coreth](https://github.com/ava-labs/coreth) APIs, except Avalanche Specific APIs starting with `avax`. Subnet-EVM also supports standart Ethereum APIs as well. For more information about Coreth APIs see [here](api/../c-chain.md).

Subnet-EVM has some additional APIs that are not available in Coreth.

> ## eth_FeeConfig

Reviewer: nit: `eth_feeConfig`

Author: done

Subnet-EVM comes with an API request for getting fee config at a specific block. You can use this API to check your activated fee config.

**Signature**

```sh
eth_feeConfig([blk BlkNrOrHash]) -> {feeConfig: json}
```

- `blk` is the block number or hash at which to retrieve the fee config. Defaults to the latest block if omitted.

**Example Call**

```sh
curl -X POST --data '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "eth_feeConfig",
    "params": [
        "latest"
    ],
    "id": 1
}' -H 'content-type:application/json;' 127.0.0.1:9650/ext/bc/2ebCneCbwthjQ1rYT41nhd7M76Hc6YmosMAQrTFhBq8qeqh6tt/rpc
```

**Example Response**

```json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": 1,
  "result": {
    "feeConfig": {
      "gasLimit": 8000000,
      "targetBlockRate": 2,
      "minBaseFee": 33000000000,
      "targetGas": 15000000,
      "baseFeeChangeDenominator": 36,
      "minBlockGasCost": 0,
      "maxBlockGasCost": 1000000,
      "blockGasCostStep": 200000
    },
    "lastChangedAt": 0
  }
}
```

## eth_getChainConfig

> `eth_getChainConfig` returns chain config with parsed upgrade bytes. This API is enabled by default with `internal-blockchain` namespace.

Author: This also returns upgrade bytes. So it's kind-of different from C-chain API

> `eth_getChainConfig` returns chain config with parsed upgrade bytes. This API is enabled by default with `internal-blockchain` namespace.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eth_getChainConfig` returns the Chain Config of the blockchain. This API is enabled by default with `internal-blockchain` namespace.

This API exists on the C-Chain as well, but in addition to the normal Chain Config returned by the C-Chain `eth_getChainConfig` on subnet-evm additionally returns the upgrade config, which specifies network upgrades activated after the genesis.
```

Suggested this to make it more clear what the difference is between this API on the C-Chain and subnet-evm.
